1- Using any programming language (Matlab, C, C#, Java,...)to write an application/program for discretizing 
   any dataset. You have to  use CAIM algorithm in your program for discretizing.
   
2- We will use 2 data sets : Iris and Heart Desease for running, testing result of your program 
   and also you do too for programming. You have to run CAIM algorithm with each feature (atribute)
   in each dataset and show/display result for each.
   
   In Iris dataset, you have to discretize all feature (except class !) and in Heart dataset you only
   discretize numeric features (7 features).
   
   Decribe content in data set
   Line 1 : name of data set.
   Line 2 : list of attribute.
   Line 3 : list of attribute's data type. 
   From line 4 to end : each line is an instance with list of attribute's value separated by comma.
   
   You can change these data set files to any format to available with your program. If you do that, pls send
   your own formatted data set files with your package (see 3). But try to keep original format is better because
   of we/you can run program with others in same format.
   
3- You have to package your homework (in a compress file) include : source code, executable program
   (don't need dataset) and a brief description about how to run your program (syntax, notice when 
    running,version of programming language software...) in text format.
    Be careful, VCU mail will check and deny any execute file (.exe,.com) so you have to change 
    extension part of your execute program before compressing.
    
4- Send your package to me : nguyendt22@vcu.edu

5- When I receive your package, i will reply to you for surely it arrived.

6- Due date of HW1 will be Mon Oct 3rd, 2011  at midnight !!! (before 0 am Tue Oct 4th, 2011)

7- Grade policy
	 Total points of this HW are 10 include : 
              exact result   : 8 pts  ( 4pts for each data set)
              user-interface : 2 pt  (easy to use)

8- Remember that even you can not finish HW perfectly, you should be send your package to me on time
   and can get some points (it's better than no point)

9- Don't hesitate contact me during you do HW. If you have questions, troubles. I will help you with 
   all my efforts
  
 
